# Stand Up Template

This is a template for stand ups

## Meeting Information <br>
**Sprint Name and Number:** &nbsp; Sprint Number, Sprint name, Sprint start date - sprint end date   
**Meeting Date/Time:** &nbsp; meeting_date, meeting_time  
**Meeting Location:** &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;meeting_location  

## Attendees <br>
<!-- Please put the scrum master and the minute taker at the top of the list in bold -->
<!-- Delete whoever did not attend the meeting and make sure to add the scrum master and minute taker to the correct headings, and remove them from the list-->
_Scrum Master:_  
_Minute Taker:_  
- Alexander Pace &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; @pacealex
- Georgia Strongman &nbsp;@stronggeor
- Jacqui Dong &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; @dongjacq
- Justina Koh &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;@kohjust
- Max McMurray &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; @mcmurrmax 
- Michael Behan &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;@behanmich 


## Questions:
**Question 1:** _What Did Everyone Work on in the Sprint?_
<!-- The first line is an example of how the table should be filled out -->
This section details what everyone worked on for this sprint. This includes 
everything that they worked one, whether they completed the task or not. If the task was successfully completed, 
please write that down. 

If possible please link the appropriate issue number after the bullet point.  


Team Member | What they worked on
---- | ---- 
Michael Behan | • Completed #20: Documentation for the Project Requirements<br>• Talked to Craig about requirements<br> |
Justina Koh | ---- 
Max McMurray | ---- 
Alexander Pace | ---- 
Jacqueline Dong | ---- 
Georgia Strongman | ---- 


**Question 2:** _Difficulties_
<!-- The first line is an example of how the table should be filled out -->

Did anyone have any difficulties with their work while in this sprint?
Please link any corresponding issues in the description. If there were no 
difficulties, please leave the cell blank. 

Team Member | Difficulties
---- | ---- 
Michael Behan | • Max wanted to fight <br>• The code self-destructed<br> |
Justina Koh | ---- 
Max McMurray | ---- 
Alexander Pace | ---- 
Jacqueline Dong | ---- 
Georgia Strongman | ---- 

**Question 3:** _What we are working on this week_
<!-- The first line is an example of how the table should be filled out -->

What is everyone working on this week? Has anything changed? Does everything have something to work on?


Team Member | Issue we are working on 
---- | ---- 
Michael Behan | • Working on  #21 Add new GUI features for Max <br>|
Justina Koh | ---- 
Max McMurray | ---- 
Alexander Pace | ---- 
Jacqueline Dong | ---- 
Georgia Strongman | ----


**Question 6:** _Any Other Issues / Questions / Things brought up_  

Are there any other things that were brought up in the meeting? Please bullet point them below. 
